## Chunked audio translation output

 masses out there and it was obviously Trump. And I think this time around, they're much more likely to switch to the next angry person, and that's going to be Bernie Sanders, pretty obviously. It's not going to be your reassuring old Joe, who's... comfortable about saying let's go back to how things were. It's going to be to someone who says, yes, I do feel your pain and I can see there's a problem to be fixed. Does that mean that Biden's just toast in Iowa and Bernie will win? What do you think, Priddo? Well, he may be toast in Iowa. It's certainly true that Biden's stump speech has been medically proven as a cure for insomnia and approved for use by the FDA. However, I would say, John Fazmann was knocking boring candidates earlier. There's something really good to being a somewhat boring candidate. because there's a ton of political science that shows that the most motivating force in politics is not love for your own side. It's hatred and disgust at the other side. And so having a candidate who doesn't elicit that kind of allergic reaction among Republicans would actually be a very good thing for the Democrats. I think John is right that there's a certain sort of steady reassuringness to Biden's candidacy and his persona I saw him last night in council bluffs. The room was much smaller than Warren's room, which surprised me And the crowd tended to be that the crowd was on the hole somewhat older than Warren's crowd and and and more male and Biden as he tends to do sort of ambled and meandered and was discursive, but he also connected with people very well. The crowd was responsive. And I think that in this election in particular, there is something to be said for a less exciting candidate that implied in that sort of steadiness is a return to a steady non-newsmaking presidency. The one thing to bear in mind about Iowa this time too is that because of the new rules, there could be multiple ways to spin Monday's results. And this is something that Liz Lenz, the columnist and I were talking about after Warren's rally on Sunday. With the new caucus rules, there are going to be three counts coming out of the caucus, which means three ways the vote or the alignments are going to be totaled. And the first one is the first alignment, which is when people go into caucus, you get into groups for your candidate. And then you get a chance to re-align. The second vote will also count, and there are these new presidential preference cards. We can't call them ballots because the new Hampshire would get all upset at us because they're the first primary. So we have to call them presidential preference cards. Those will be official vote counts. So the first alignment and the second alignment, and then the official delegate count. In a tight, tight race as it is now, you could come out of this with three people claiming three separate victories. And I think it's also possible you could get a lot of people caucusing undecided. That could be a viable group. That undecided guy, he could do well. I think undecided is a white man. So wait, can you caucus for undecided? absolutely can. And the year Jimmy Carter when the caucus says he actually was beaten by undecided. So. Last words, I cannot feel my legs right now. You're not wearing a coat! Are you dumb? You think you're harder than an Iowan? Sorry, dude. Sorry, I'm lying in the fog. That's fine, thank you. Well John Fassman, I hope you now do have feeling in your legs again. Did you pick up anything about impeachment when you're traveling around? Are people thinking about that? Talking about that? I did not have a single conversation about impeachment with a single voter. I just want to make sure that does not mean that impeachment is not important from a sort of legal and constitutional perspective, but what was happening in Washington did not register, was not registering here at all. I agree with Jon Fazman there that every rally I've been to, every candidate I've heard in Iowa over the last few months, they don't bring up impeachment in any detail at all. Mayor Pete has a good line in saying let's end the madness, let's turn the page and not have any more of this high blood pressure stuff that's going on in DC, let's get back to doing the business of governing. But it's sort of implicit. He doesn't talk in detail about impeachment. He understands that the crowd wants to move on. I have a question. Who is the Des Moines Register endorsed? Warren. Warren's done pretty well on endorsements. I mean, not just the freaky New York Times double-headed endorsement, but she's done well with some Iowa papers. Yeah, she picks up the local papers, do you? Hmm. It's interesting that that hasn't translated remotely into support on the ground for her. The world would be a better place if people just read what they read and the newspaper and acted accordingly, but it doesn't seem to work that way. Alright, thank you Charlotte, thank you John, thanks Adam for being here. Charlotte and John will be back next week. John, where are you going to be? I'm going to be in New Hampshire next week. Alright, are you going to take a coat or are you going to brave it manfully? Just in a pair of jeans and a t-shirt? Yes, this time I will take a coat and wear it when I go out of doors. Fermil underwear, John Fermil underwear. Underwear Familando Air is the secret of the Midwest correspondent I've discovered this week. That and being able to eat while driving. The innovations that help you drive and be a reporter in the Midwest while running from meeting to meeting are really great. My favorite when I was based in the Midwest was macaroni and cheese that had been breaded into little balls. So you could eat it with one hand while driving with the other. I thought that was really a leap forward in American technology. Oh, that sounds so good. Before you guys go, I've got a little quiz for you, and I know you enjoyed this. I'm gonna go easy on you this week. The archive is from Living Memory from 1998, and of course it's about Iowa. That summer, the Economist correspondent visited the Iowa State Fair. and was particularly impressed by a £500 sculpture. What was that sculpture of? Butter. God, we made of butter. Butter. Got to be made of it. Yeah, made of butterent goes Hot Was it a kid?ite!nut It was a cow. You've all ace this. Have you all been to the Iowa State Fair? I've been. Yeah. I'm not being- Of course! I'm not being- Yes, and I saw the butter sculpture room. Okay, so three out of four of us have been to Iowa State Fair and seen the sculpture. So this quiz was too easy, frankly. But you correspondents may not know that a butter cow has been sculpted at the state fair every year since 1911. Along with the cow, there's always a companion sculpture each year. There have been butter versions of John Wayne, Tiger Woods and also Britain's own Harry Potter. As a lactose intolerant person, I find the butter sculptors to be a microaggression. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Do you have any views on that? Do you have any views on that? I'll never cada is John. I think you've got some string of you in most we are now in fact Let's table that to California's primary. Excellent. For listeners who are a bit puzzled by that, John Fazman is one of the fiercest opponents of the avocado in all of America. But that's for another show. Please don't forget to subscribe to checks and balance on your podcast app and give us a rating. It really helps. It matters. Adam, how many stars did you give us? Five out of five. Thank you very much, that's the correct answer. Thank you, Adam. Thanks, Charlotte. Thanks, John. That's all from us. More checks and balance next week.
 
## Single file audio translation output
masses out there, and it was obviously Trump. And I think this time around, they're much more likely to switch to the next angry person, and that's going to be Bernie Sanders, pretty obviously. It's not going to be your reassuring old Joe who's comfortable about saying, let's go back to how things were. It's going to be to someone who says, yes, I do feel your pain, and I can see there's a problem to be fixed. Does that mean that Biden's just toast in Iowa and Bernie will win? What do you think, Prida? Well, he may be toast in Iowa. It's certainly true that Biden's stump speech has been medically proven as a cure for insomnia and approved for use by the FDA. However, I would say, John Fassman was knocking boring candidates earlier. There's something really good to being a somewhat boring candidate, because there's a ton of political science that shows that the most motivating force in politics is not love for your own side. It's hatred and disgust at the other side. And so having a candidate who doesn't elicit that kind of allergic reaction among Republicans would actually be a very good thing for the Democrats. I think John is right that there's a certain sort of steady reassuringness to Biden's candidacy in his persona. I saw him last night in Council Bluffs. The room was much smaller than Warren's room, which surprised me. And the crowd tended to be that the crowd was on the whole somewhat older. Then Warren's crowd and more male. And Biden, as he tends to do, sort of ambled and meandered and was discursive, but he also connected with people very well. The crowd was responsive. And I think that in this election, in particular, there is something to be said for a less exciting candidate that implied in that sort of steadiness is a return to a steady, non-newsmaking presidency. The one thing to bear in mind about Iowa this time, too, is that because of the new rules, there could be multiple ways to spend Monday's results. And this is something that Liz Lenz, the columnist and I were talking about after Warren's rally on Sunday. With the new caucus rules, there are going to be three counts coming out of the caucus, which means three away as the vote or the alignments are going to be totaled. And the first one is the first alignment, which is when people go into caucus, you get into groups for your candidate. And then you get a chance to realign. The second vote will also count. And there are these new presidential preference cards. We can't call them ballots because the new Hampshire would get all upset at us. Because they're the first primary. So we have to call them presidential preference cards. Those will be official vote counts. So the first alignment and the second alignment, and then the official delegate count. In a tight, tight race, as it is now, you could come out of this with three people claiming three separate victories. And I think it's also possible you could get a lot of people, Coccasine undecided that could be a viable group that undecided guy. He could do well. I think undecided is a white man. So wait, can you caucus for undecided? You absolutely can. And the year Jimmy Carter, when the caucus says he actually was beaten by undecided. So last words, I cannot feel my legs right now. You're not wearing a coat. Are you dumb? You think you're hardier than an ai-one? Sorry, dude. That's fine. Thank you. Well, John Fazman, I hope you now do have feeling in your legs again. Um, did you pick up anything about impeachment when you were traveling around? Are people thinking about that, talking about that? I did not have a single conversation about impeachment with a single voter. I just want to make sure that that does not mean that impeachment is not important from a sort of legal and constitutional perspective. But what was happening in Washington did not register was not registering here at all. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't show him a leap in. I agree with John Fazman there that every rally I've been to, every candidate I've heard in Iowa over the last few months, they don't bring up impeachment in any detail at all. Mayor Pete has a good line in saying, let's end the madness. Let's turn the page and not have any more of this high blood pressure stuff that's going on in DC. Let's get back to doing the business of governing. But it's sort of implicit. He doesn't talk in detail about impeachment. He understands that the crowd wants to move on. I have a question. Who's the Des Moines Register endorsed? Warren. Warren's done pretty well on endorsements. I mean, not just the freaky New York Times double-headed endorsement, but she's done well with some Iowa papers. Yeah, she picks up the local papers, do you? Hmm. It's interesting that that hasn't translated remotely into support on the ground for her. The world would be a better place if people just read what they read in the newspaper and acted accordingly, but it doesn't seem to work that way. All right. Thank you, Charlotte. Thank you, John. Thanks, Adam, for being here. Charlotte and John will be back next week. John, where are you going to be? I'm going to be in New Hampshire next week. All right. Are you going to take a coat or are you going to braid a bit manfully, just in a pair of jeans and a t-shirt? Yes. This time I will take a coat and wear it when I go out of yours. Fermil underwear, John. Fermil underwear. Fermil underwear is the secret of the Midwest correspondent I've discovered this week. That and being able to eat while driving. The innovations that help you drive and be a reporter in the Midwest while running from meeting to meeting are really great. My favorite when I was based in the Midwest was macaroni and cheese that had then been breaded into little balls. So you could eat it with one hand while driving with the other. I thought that was really a leap forward in American technology. Oh, that sounds so good. Before you guys go, I've got a little quiz for you. And I know you enjoyed this. I'm going to go easy on you this week. The archive is from living memory from 1998. And of course, it's about Iowa. That summer, the economist correspondent visited the Iowa State Fair and was particularly impressed by a 500 pound sculpture. What was that sculpture? Butter. Gotta be made of butter. Made of butter. Was it a cow? It was a cow. You've all ace this. Have you all been to the Iowa State Fair? I've been. Yes. I've not been. Of course. Yes. And I saw the butter sculpture room. Okay. So three out of four of us have been to Iowa State Fair and seen the sculpture. So this quiz was too easy, frankly. But you correspondents may not know that a butter cow has been sculpted at the State Fair every year since 1911. Along with the cow, there's always a companion sculpture each year. There have been butter versions of John Wayne, Tiger Woods, and also Britain's own Harry Potter. As a lactose intolerant person, I find the butter sculptures to be a microaggression. Do you have any views on avocados, John? I think you've got some strong views on those too. Let's table that to California's primary. Excellent. For listeners who are a bit puzzled by that, John Fazman is one of the fiercest opponents of the avocado in all of America. But that's for another show. Please don't forget to subscribe to Chex and Balance on your podcast app and give us a rating. It really helps. It matters. Adam, how many styles did you give us? Five out of five. Thank you very much. That's the correct answer. Thank you, Adam. Thanks, Charlotte. Thanks, John. That's all from us. More Chex and Balance next week.